saaam 10 why do you stand afar awful
saaam 10 why do you stand afar awful lord why do you hide in times of trouble
lord why do you hide in times of trouble
lord why do you hide in times of trouble the wicked in his pride persecutes the
the wicked in his pride persecutes the
the wicked in his pride persecutes the poor
poor
poor but then be caught in the plots which
but then be caught in the plots which
but then be caught in the plots which they have devised or the wicked boasts
they have devised or the wicked boasts
they have devised or the wicked boasts of his heart's desire he blesses the
of his heart's desire he blesses the
of his heart's desire he blesses the greedy and renounces the Lord wicked in
greedy and renounces the Lord wicked in
greedy and renounces the Lord wicked in his proud countenance does not seek God
his proud countenance does not seek God
his proud countenance does not seek God God is in none of his thoughts his ways
God is in none of his thoughts his ways
God is in none of his thoughts his ways are always prospering your judgments are
are always prospering your judgments are
are always prospering your judgments are far above out of his sight as for all
far above out of his sight as for all
far above out of his sight as for all his enemies he sneers at them he has
his enemies he sneers at them he has
his enemies he sneers at them he has said in his heart I shall not be moved
said in his heart I shall not be moved
said in his heart I shall not be moved I shall never be in adversity his mouth
I shall never be in adversity his mouth
I shall never be in adversity his mouth is full of cursing and deceit and
is full of cursing and deceit and
is full of cursing and deceit and oppression under his tongue is trouble
oppression under his tongue is trouble
oppression under his tongue is trouble and iniquity he sits in the lurking
and iniquity he sits in the lurking
and iniquity he sits in the lurking places of the villages in the secret
places of the villages in the secret
places of the villages in the secret places he murders the innocent his eyes
places he murders the innocent his eyes
places he murders the innocent his eyes are secretly fixed on the helpless he
are secretly fixed on the helpless he
are secretly fixed on the helpless he lies and wait secretly as a lion in his
lies and wait secretly as a lion in his
lies and wait secretly as a lion in his den he lies in wait to catch the poor he
den he lies in wait to catch the poor he
den he lies in wait to catch the poor he catches the poor when he draws him into
catches the poor when he draws him into
catches the poor when he draws him into his net so he crouches he lies low at
his net so he crouches he lies low at
his net so he crouches he lies low at the helpless they fall by his strength
the helpless they fall by his strength
the helpless they fall by his strength he has said in his heart God has
he has said in his heart God has
he has said in his heart God has forgotten he hides his face he will
forgotten he hides his face he will
forgotten he hides his face he will never see arise O Lord o God lift up
never see arise O Lord o God lift up
never see arise O Lord o God lift up your hand
your hand
your hand do not forget the humble I do the wicked
do not forget the humble I do the wicked
do not forget the humble I do the wicked renounce God he has said in his heart
renounce God he has said in his heart
renounce God he has said in his heart you will not require an account but you
you will not require an account but you
you will not require an account but you have seen or you observe trouble and
have seen or you observe trouble and
have seen or you observe trouble and grief to repay it by your hand the
grief to repay it by your hand the
grief to repay it by your hand the helpless commits himself to you you are
helpless commits himself to you you are
helpless commits himself to you you are the helper of the fatherless break the
the helper of the fatherless break the
the helper of the fatherless break the arm of the wicked and the evil man seek
arm of the wicked and the evil man seek
arm of the wicked and the evil man seek out his wickedness until you find none
out his wickedness until you find none
out his wickedness until you find none the Lord is king for ever and ever the
the Lord is king for ever and ever the
the Lord is king for ever and ever the nations have perished out of his land
nations have perished out of his land
nations have perished out of his land Lord you have heard the desire of the
Lord you have heard the desire of the
Lord you have heard the desire of the humble you will prepare their heart you
humble you will prepare their heart you
humble you will prepare their heart you will cause your ear to hear to do
will cause your ear to hear to do
will cause your ear to hear to do justice to the fatherless and the
justice to the fatherless and the
justice to the fatherless and the oppressed that the man of Earth may
oppressed that the man of Earth may
oppressed that the man of Earth may oppress
oppress
oppress no more